In this project we created an inventory android application from scratch. The application was designed to assist business owners and workshops with inventory keeping. To do this the application needed three pages open for a login, one for account creation and one for managing the items. 
The UI was simplified to focus mainly on the primary features of the application, mainly the inventory system. However , the elements of this system were designed to make it as easy as possible for the user to quickly find and locate items that they have in stock. 
The majority of the techniques used in the coding of this software was the use of SQLite which was made far easier due to previous SQL classes providing the foundation to how the system works. Aside from that in the design process I used market research and managed both the wants of my customer as well as the needs of the business.
Testing on this project was not perfect as I did not use JUnit testing to simplify the process. However, to still reach 90% testing I went through and tested at least three inputs I believed would break each system. This includes but is not limited to an attempt to break the application by sending java code into the account creation username and password, creating duplicates of the same item, using symbols as an item name.What this revealed was that the system crashes whenever I pass non-normal strings through the string inputs. However, this can be and was resolved by simply tying users and items to an incrementing number outside the name.
The best work I did for this assignment was the database. Being able to split the file into two files successfully to keep one clean helped out a lot.
